Question: How did viewing a diff between 2 versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
Answer: It helped see what things were changed from the previous copy to the new copy so I can identify what the mistake was.

Question: How could having an easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
Answer: I could help identify mistakes quicker so you spend less time going backward and more time going foward.

Question: What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
Answer: The pros of manually creating a commit is that it's more flexible to your liking. A con of manually creating a commit is that you might forget to create one and you lose all your work. The pros of having an autosave is that you can't lose any work. The con is that you'll end up with too many saves and it will be a pain looking for specific changes you made. 

Question: Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
Answer: I think it allows it because when making multiple files at one time, you are able to see what changes you made at what times. I think that Google Docs saves spperately so you know exactly what you're commiting to and there isn't any commits that are too small on one and too big on another. 

Question: How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
Answer: By using the git log command, you can get the commit id. Then by typing in git diff and pasting each commit id, you are able to see every change that was made.

Question: How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
Answer: If I break something, I am able to go back to find and fix the bugs.

Question: Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
Answer: I'm planing on using git for coding and programming games in my class.